Hi Charles!

Here are insights into the world of accommodations - I will add to it. 

Reach out with any questions

Spreadsheet Questions:

1. I see dapertments are listed in the first column, but many crew aren't under a department, is there a reason for that, or just because they weren't used this time?

2. I notice that the first person has title On-Set Props *NO ROOM NEEDED. Seems like that should go in Notes?  Are there aothewr ways that we indicate that a crew member doesn't need a room? I see notes that cover this.

We should go over the notes because I think that's a crucial part of managing everyone and it's used in a lot of ways!

*Does not require a room
Found own accommodations
No Room per BM
ROOM WANTED w/dog  (lol I assume they want to bring their own dog?)

3. Is there any order in the spreadsheet? How do we track priority in the spreadsheet when assigning the rooms after we added all the names? Or is this donw on the second spreadsheet?

4. Can I get the booking spreadsheet? I want to see the hotel list and the room bookings. 




Thank you!

- A

ACCOMS APP 

SPREADSHEET WORKFLOW

Crew list (who needs a room), organized by hierarchy/departments

Shooting dates, plus a day on the front end and back end for early to set/prep and an extra day at the end for early morning wraps in order to allow crew to sleep in (turn around time) 
Shooting dates are slotted/organized by the week Sunday - Saturday
Under which ^ is placed the hotel/room (if known) designated to that crew member 


(There is another spreadsheet that holds the hotel rooms list; the rooms we have reserved for that week/2 week period) 
Address of hotel/motel/BnB/“Airbnb”

A break down of the week by day/night, “IN” for when the crew member can check in and “OUT” for when they HAVE to check out 

Next column being the 2nd week (shooting in Lunenburg took place in two week periods). 2nd week - where that crew member is staying 
Followed again by the breakdown of “IN” n “OUT” days 

Within that breakdown ^ if and when a crew member has to MOVE; check out of one hotel and check into another. **Check out times can be problematic, as crews can work past midnight, then have to check out by 11:00 AM. I often beg and plead for late check outs as well as early check ins. At the very least crew members can drop their bags at the hotel before heading to work
**having an alert in the app for check outs would be very helpful 
**Alert both me and the crew member 
A notes column; ie crew members that can share a room/or a house, doesn’t need a room, NEEDs a room, different room required dates than the shooting schedule, staying throughout the weekend